what is up Rosa knows it's ashley optic
midnite today I'm factoring guys under
the gameplay commentary this is advanced
warfare games but I can't wait to get
new advanced warfare gameplay for you
guys by the way this is indeed me plain
but there are us a pretty free strict
embargo details and just things that we
amount of time that we can share about
the game so I'm sorry if you guys have
maybe seen some of this game played be
four but I hope you guys enjoy it
nonetheless I really didn't want to put
you know some other call of duty games
gameplay will I talk about advanced
warfare so I do have advanced warfare
gameplay anyway I wanted his commentary
because I want to talk about the level
of hype that advanced warfare has
obviously um a lot of people are coming
off the destiny hype right now because
that was a pretty hyped game and I think
even like any any next-gen big release
is gonna have a lot of hype behind it
and advanced warfare is not going to be
any different you guys all remember the
release of titanfall last year--last
februari all I guess is technically this
year in February this year i even i was
super duper super hyped for titanfall
and I really thought you know this is
gonna be a great game and I was hyped up
for it mostly because it was my first
like Xbox one like first-person shooter
game that I was buying and I was really
excited about it and then obviously we
all know that turn out there just wasn't
a whole lot of substance to the game
destiny has now gone down as one of the
biggest video actually the biggest video
game launch in history surpassing Grand
Theft Auto which I didn't think that it
would do and it did so and destiny it's
cool you know I know there's a lot of
people still playing destiny and there
was a lot of hype around that and now
obviously with advanced warfare there's
a lot of hype now it's these game
companies jobs to hype their games
there's no way they're not going to
advertise it there's no way they're not
going to tease you and try to get you
into blind again that's their job to do
they wanted they need and want to get
you in
interested in what they're doing and so
I think so far sledgehammer and
Activision has done a really good job of
that obviously um and I'm just I mean I
get excited for call duty every year
guys you guys all know me if you
watching my channel for a long time you
know I can't hide for call duty every
year it's what I do but I don't think
I've ever been this hyped for a new call
of duty since modern warefare two which
is the game I was the call of duty that
I was most hyped for when black ops 2
came out I wasn't I was hyped for it
don't get me wrong and you can even go
back to my channel back in that time
period and know how hyped I was but I
hadn't played the game and and I I
didn't really know what fully to expect
with black ops 2 and then black ops 2
ended up being probably my favorite call
duties about time and it wasn't
overhyped but I don't know since I've
played advanced warfare I feel like I
have a more biased opinion on the hype
of the game I really do think it's worth
all the hype I really do firmly believe
that it's going to be a great call of
duty game and that we're in for a really
good first year of the game and I think
it's going to be really good just all
this stuff that they've done for it and
this I mean ghost ghost came during a
council transition or not numbness in
the transition but that's when the new
councils came out and I feel like they
just tried to make it for too many
different platforms you know and and I
feel like I don't know this this is the
first call of duty that we're playing
even though ghost was released on
next-gen I feel like this is the first
call duty that we're playing that was
developed for next-gen for call duty and
obviously it's been it's been ported for
xbox 360 and ps3 but the best experience
you're gonna have I believe is going to
be on the next gen consoles so do i
think advanced warfare is overhyped no
they hype call duty every year about
this much but being that I've got to
play it and you guys have all seen like
my impressions if you guys want to see
my first impressions of the game there's
actually a playlist down the description
of all my advanced warfare videos are
all clearly labeled so you know what
you're getting into when you click on
them but um I don't know I don't think
this is going to be like another
titanfall and to be honest I think
people are going to get really bore
of destiny uh I think destiny is just a
game that that is tithing a lot of
people over for now because there's not
a whole lot of new games out right now
so I don't know I'm not trying to I'm
not trying to argue if you think have a
different opinion than me on that that's
that's really cool unless bungee
releases like a ton of DLC this this
holiday season I don't really suggest
maybe and something that a lot of people
play during that time so I'm excited for
advanced warfare I'd love to know what
you guys think this is more just a
commentary to open up the discussion for
you guys down the comment section below
do you think advanced warfare is
overhyped is it going to bomb is it
going to flourish is it going to be
amazing is it going to be not amazing
i'd love to know what you guys think
about it and why write a comment or type
of comments down below leave a like on
the video if you enjoyed it and check
out the playlist in the description for
more advanced warfare this is ben optic
midnite our Ashley and I'm out